# Vue 3 + Vite

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite. The template uses Vue 3 `<script setup>` SFCs, check out the [script setup docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html#sfc-script-setup) to learn more.

## Recommended IDE Setup

- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).


## About the Product

The idea originated from our need of automatically verifying the integrity of a PDF report against its HTML counterpart being generated by BlacksmithKYC. But to make it usable by other departments, we are expanding the use case not just for BlacksmithKYC but also for other types of portable documents such as invoices, payslips, OSGs, CDD reports, KYC documents and much more.

### Problem
PDF content verification is a meticulous process that takes time to complete specially if there are a lot of documents to check. Tiring for the human eyes that may also result to scanning mistakes.

### Solution
A NO-CODE application that can verify PDF contents in just a click of a button and can report the errors in the documents. Just like how we automate front-end and backend tests, this application can also automate PDF testing without the need of coding the tests, which can expand the usage not just to developers and test engineers but also to non-coder individuals such as product owners or HR specialists.

PDF Order 66 is your internal solution for PDF content verification. Just as Order 66 led to the demise of the Jedi Order because they were identified as traitors, execution of PDF Order 66 will root out any "mistakes" in the document ensuring the integrity of its text contents.

### Tech & Implementation
- Used pure javascript libraries to implement the front end and the processing, vue.js and vite, pdfjs for transforming the pdf to images which users will see and select the position of the texts that they want to validate, tesserectjs for processing the PDFs to validate against the template created by the user

### Scope & Limitations
- Can scan texts that uses the english alphabet but cursive fonts are not yet included
- Only covers black on white documents but can be improved by post processing the image to black & white
- Only takes position of the text and expected string as input
- Does not validate images
- No database, templates will be saved to the user's local so others won't be able to access them not unless the computer is compromised
- Can only process one PDF document with one page at the time the coding halted but our system can handle multiple pages

### Expansion of Work
- Data training to learn identification of cursive fonts and non-english characters
- Can expand image processing to also compare correctness of non-text images as part of the document and also accept regex if the expected sections required numbers or email formats, etc
- Can utilize database with proper RBAC/security implementation so users can be onboarded and can access their uploaded templates, review history, anytime anywhere
- Can be expanded to accept bulk sets of PDFs
- Can be expanded to csv files for set of expected strings